README.md, before:

<!-- Actual text -->
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Java-informational?style=flat&logo=Java&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=Python&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-React-informational?style=flat&logo=React&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Typescript-informational?style=flat&logo=Typescript&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Javascript-informational?style=flat&logo=Javascript&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-Heroku-informational?style=flat&logo=Heroku&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Git-informational?style=flat&logo=Git&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)

### Hi, I'm Max 🌊

Recently graduated with a degree in computer science and music performance at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec. Looking for New Grad opportunities!

I'd love to hear from you! maxzhangvancouver@gmail.com



<!--
**chetbae/chetbae** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md with experience

README.md, after:

<!-- Actual text -->
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Java-informational?style=flat&logo=Java&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=Python&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-React-informational?style=flat&logo=React&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Typescript-informational?style=flat&logo=Typescript&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Javascript-informational?style=flat&logo=Javascript&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-Heroku-informational?style=flat&logo=Heroku&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Git-informational?style=flat&logo=Git&labelColor=6495ED&logoColor=white&color=white)

### Hi, I'm Max 🌊

Recently graduated with a degree in computer science and music performance at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec. 

1+ years of experience working as a __software developer__ and software engineering intern. Looking for _Entry-level_ and _Junior Software Developer_ opportunities!

I'd love to hear from you! maxzhangvancouver@gmail.com



<!--
**chetbae/chetbae** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
